Add a Pull Request Template (#1617)
lra/mackup: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

### All submissions

* [ ] I have followed the [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/lra/mackup/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)
* [ ] I have checked to ensure there aren't other open [Pull Requests](https://github.com/lra/mackup/pulls) for the same update/change

### Adding/updating Application X Support

* [ ] This PR is only for one application
* [ ] It has been added to the list of supported applications in the [README](https://github.com/lra/mackup/blob/master/README.md)
* [ ] Changes have been added to the WIP section of the [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/lra/mackup/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)
* [ ] Syncing does not break the application

> * [ ] Syncing does not break any syncing functionality internal to the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] Syncing does not compete with any syncing functionality internal to the application
```

Author: > This is great, my only comment is a clarification about the relationship between Mackup and application that offer a syncing functionality. I always thought Mackup should not compete with those, especially to be fair with the developers who implemented this functionality.
>
> Do you think it's fair?

That's more than fair enough. Thanks for coming back to this PR @lra, it's greatly appreciated. I'll now try and figure out how to sort out all the commits...

### All submissions

* [ ] I have followed the [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/lra/mackup/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)
* [ ] I have checked to ensure there aren't other open [Pull Requests](https://github.com/lra/mackup/pulls) for the same update/change

### Adding/updating Application X Support

* [ ] This PR is only for one application
* [ ] It has been added to the list of supported applications in the [README](https://github.com/lra/mackup/blob/master/README.md)
* [ ] Changes have been added to the WIP section of the [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/lra/mackup/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)

> - [ ] Syncing does not break the application

Reviewer: why the newline and the switch between `*` and `-`?

Author: The newline was just to mark a difference between GitHub-specific requirements vs config file requirements, and the change from `*` to `-` allowed for the line break.

However, I'll remove it if that's preferred :)
